{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28000\viewh15720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Welcome to the Dashlane Jr. Front-end Developer test!\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Time limit
\b0 \
3 hours\
\

\b The contents
\b0 \
Enclosed you will find the following:\
- these instructions\
- a PSD with mobile and desktop views of a simple webpage\
- exported assets for use in building (includes 1x and 2x exports)\
\

\b The task
\b0 \
Over the next 3 hours, please do what you can starting from the top of this list:\
\
1. See the \'93desktop\'94 version of this page in the PSD? Code that up using the latest HTML and CSS best practices, please!\
\
2. See the accordion section with the 3 accordions? Using Javascript, here\'92s how the functionality should be implemented\'85\
	- Each accordion has it\'92s own on/off state indicated by a (+) or (-) icon.\
	- The accordion contents are toggled (open/close) by clicking anywhere on the element itself for those contents.\
	- Only one accordion can be open at a given time. (If others are open they should close when another is being opened.)\
	- Feel free to use an existing library or write this functionality from scratch using jQuery or vanilla JS. (Extra points for no library)\
\
3. See the \'93mobile\'94 version in the same PSD?\
	- Make the already implemented desktop view from step 1 responsive at that mobile breakpoint.\
	- Extra points for handling every sensible responsive state in between.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 		- Feel free to use a framework like Bootstrap or PureCSS to assist if you would like. (Extra points for no framework\'85)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
4. Want to make the video work?\
	- Use in the following video ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://d38muu3h4xeqr1.cloudfront.net/Dashlane-TooShort.mp4"}}{\fldrslt https://d38muu3h4xeqr1.cloudfront.net/Dashlane-TooShort.mp4}}) to play in a modal/lightbox window when the play icon is clicked.\
	- Use VideoJS for the video player tech. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://videojs.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://videojs.com/}})\
	- The modal/lightbox design isn\'92t included in the PSD so use your best judgement. The modal/lightbox should be responsive as well.\
	- Feel free to use a library for the modal/lightbox. (Extra points for no library\'85)\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Upon completion
\b0 \
- zip everything up\
- send it back to eric.stralow@dashlane.com for review!\
\
Thanks!\
\
}